About Me: Energetic, self-disciplined, and well-organized. Responsible,
stress-resistant, with an ability to find an individual approach. Skilled in
finding creative solutions to problems. Able to work well in a team.

Languages: English: Pre-Intermediate (developing skills) Polish: Proficiency
(C2) Ukrainian: Proficiency (C2) Russian: Proficiency (C2) Skills: Knowledge of
HTML, CSS Basic skills in JavaScript Developing skills in Full-stack development
Technical skills: Adaptation to new technologies and tools Work Experience:
06/2012 – 04/2013 Ltd. Beauty Cosmetics Co Supervisor (Assistant) — Kharkiv,
Ukraine

Monitoring employee productivity and providing constructive feedback Developing
and maintaining work schedules Conducting and evaluating the effectiveness of
training sessions Providing advertisement presentations Setting individual sales
targets with the sales team 09/2013 – 11/2014 Ltd. Beauty Cosmetics Co
Divisional Manager — AR Crimea, Ukraine

Ensuring customer satisfaction Handling conflict situations Developing and
implementing a strategic sales plan Developing and maintaining work schedules
Managing the hiring process and conducting interviews Evaluating the
effectiveness of training sessions 11/2014 – 09/2017 Maternity Leave

09/2017 – 07/2018 Production Line Worker — Wrocław, Poland

Performing mechanical tasks Controlling the quality of the final product 08/2018
– 04/2023 Employee at "Żabka" Stores

Customer service Merchandising and product placement according to standards
Ensuring hygiene standards and regulations (HACCP, ISO) Training new employees
Resolving conflict situations 04/2023 – 11/2024 Maternity Leave

Education: 2009 – 2015 Kharkiv Aerospace University Specialization: Quality,
Certification, Standards Degree: Master's

2018 – 2020 Szkoła Policealna "COSINUS" — Wrocław, Poland Safety Engineer (BHP)

10/2024 – Present GO_IT — Full-stack Developer Course

Projects:

1. One-Page Website with Contact Information Tools: HTML, CSS

Developed a one-page website with contact information Applied responsive design
to ensure proper display on mobile devices Added animations to enhance user
interaction https://ulia012008.github.io/gous/ 2. One-Page Website Tools: HTML,
CSS

Developed a responsive website using modern layout techniques Applied design
principles for a clean and intuitive interface
https://ulia012008.github.io/goit-markup-hw-05/
